11.1.5+ (#5)
DevExpress-Examples/out-of-maintenance-winforms-merge-grid-cells-horizontally: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E2472)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

> # Data Grid for Windows Forms - Emulate horizontal cell merging in GridView

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Data Grid for Windows Forms - Emulate horizontal cell merge in GridView
```

> [GridControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/3455/controls-and-libraries/data-grid) does not support horizontal cell merging out-of-the-box. This example creates a custom painter class to emulate horizontal cell merging in a [Grid View](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/3464/controls-and-libraries/data-grid/views/grid-view).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[GridControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/3455/controls-and-libraries/data-grid) does not support horizontal cell merge out-of-the-box. This example creates a custom painter class to emulate the horizontal cell merge functionality in a [Grid View](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/3464/controls-and-libraries/data-grid/views/grid-view).
```
